Add bullet package (#16)
ros2/choco-packages: package/bullet/README.md

Chocolatey Package for Bullet.

This package is beta quality and designed for a specific application.
At this time it is not recommended to distribute this package outside of the
tutorial application which requires it.

To build the package, follow these steps.

You need Git, Visual Studio 2017 Command line tools, CMake, Chocolatey, and a text editor.

- Clone or download https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3

> - Create a CMake build directory and run `cmake -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64" PATH_TO_TINYXML_VENDOR -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON -DUSE_DOUBLE_PRECISION=ON -DBUILD_CPU_DEMOS=OFF -DBUILD_BULLET2_DEMOS=OFF -DBUILD_OPENGL3_DEMOS=OFF -DBUILD_UNIT_TESTS=OFF -DBUILD_EXTRAS=OFF`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a CMake build directory and run `cmake -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64" PATH_TO_BULLET_SOURCE -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON -DUSE_DOUBLE_PRECISION=ON -DBUILD_CPU_DEMOS=OFF -DBUILD_BULLET2_DEMOS=OFF -DBUILD_OPENGL3_DEMOS=OFF -DBUILD_UNIT_TESTS=OFF -DBUILD_EXTRAS=OFF`.
```

- Run `msbuild ALL_BUILD.sln /p:Configuration=Release`
- Copy the Bullet*.lib and Bullet*.dll files to the package lib/ directory.

> - Run `msbuild ALL_BUILD.sln /p:Configuration=Debug`

Reviewer: What resources need to be copied for debug?

Reviewer: Resolved by 6fed593
